Pythonnet linux (#1361)
pyansys/pyaedt: doc/source/Resources/ClientServer.rst

#. The same Python version is used on the client and server. (CPython 3.6+ or
   IronPython is embedded in the AEDT installation.)

New Grpc Connection with AEDT 2022R2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Starting from AEDT 22R2 Pyaedt is fully supporting GRPC API (except Edb).
To use it:

.. code:: python

    # Launch the latest installed version of AEDT in graphical mode.
    from pyaedt import Hfss
    from pyaedt import settings
    settings.use_grpc_api=True
    hfss = Hfss(machine="fullmachinename", port=portnumber)

> If machine argument is provided and machine is a remote machine, then AEDT has to be up and running on remote server listening on specific port.
> To start AEDT on listening mode on remote machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the ``machine`` argument is provided and the machine is a remote machine, AEDT
must be up and running on the remote server listening on the specified port.

To start AEDT in listening mode on the remote machine:
```

#. The same Python version is used on the client and server. (CPython 3.6+ or
   IronPython is embedded in the AEDT installation.)

New Grpc Connection with AEDT 2022R2
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Starting from AEDT 22R2 Pyaedt is fully supporting GRPC API (except Edb).
To use it:

.. code:: python

    # Launch the latest installed version of AEDT in graphical mode.
    from pyaedt import Hfss
    from pyaedt import settings
    settings.use_grpc_api=True
    hfss = Hfss(machine="fullmachinename", port=portnumber)

If machine argument is provided and machine is a remote machine, then AEDT has to be up and running on remote server listening on specific port.
To start AEDT on listening mode on remote machine:

.. code::

   path/to/aedt/ansysedt.exe -grpcsrv portnumber  #windows
   path/to/aedt/ansysedt -grpcsrv portnumber   #linux

> If the connection is local, machine argument can be kept empty and the aedt session is started automatically by pyaedt.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the connection is local, machine argument can be kept empty and the AEDT session is started automatically by pyaedt.
```

machine and port arguments are available to all applications except Edb.

Legacy Approach
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Windows Server
==============

> Here is an usage example for a Windows server:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a usage example for a Windows server:
```

Linux and Windows Clients
=========================

> Here is an usage example for the client side:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is a usage example for the client side:
```
